
Tracking no targets!
Starting Vision System
waiting...
activating vision
activated visionunpaused

False
going for target...greenBall
vision system set
walltimer: started wrapper 
0.00100016593933got here

got here 1234
0 None True all
finished superclass init
gTDFC
walltimer:  1.58200001717
gTDFC says  (-197.0, -64.0)
dist  (-197.0, -64.0)
dist  (-197.0, -64.0)
see target to left
started turn and look with target,  all
set starting state
Running  TurnAndLook
walltimer:  2.60000014305
walltimer:  3.62300014496
walltimer:  4.6320002079
walltimer:  5.65500020981
Running  TurnLeft
got to stop
Current state:  TurnAndLook
Stuckness:  (0, 0)
called see target
gTDFC
gTDFC says  None
see ball at  None
failed to see ball
gTDFC
gTDFC says  None
see ball at  None
gTDFC
gTDFC says  None
gTDFC
gTDFC says  None
see wall at  None
target seen:  None
called see target
gTDFC
gTDFC says  None
 see ball at walltimer:   None6.66500020027

failed to see ball
gTDFC
gTDFC says  None
see ball at  None
gTDFC
gTDFC says  None
gTDFC
gTDFC says  None
see wall at  None
keep turning
looping  TurnLeft
got to stop
Current state:  TurnAndLook
Stuckness:  (0, 0)
called see target
gTDFC
gTDFC says  None
see ball at  None
failed to see ball
gTDFC
gTDFC says  None
see ball at  None
gTDFC
walltimer:  7.70700001717
gTDFC says  None
gTDFC
gTDFC says  None
see wall at  None
target seen:  None
called see target
gTDFC
gTDFC says  None
see ball at  None
failed to see ball
gTDFC
walltimer:  8.71700000763
 gTDFC says  None
see ball at  None
gTDFC
gTDFC says  None
gTDFC
gTDFC says  None
see wall at  None
keep turning
looping  TurnLeft
got to stop
Current state:  TurnAndLook
Stuckness:  (0, 0)
called see target
gTDFC
gTDFC says  None
see ball at  None
failed to see ball
gTDFC
gTDFC says  None
see ball at  None
gTDFC
gTDFC says  None
gTDFC
walltimer:  9.73700022697
gTDFC says  None
see wall at  None
target seen:  None
called see target
gTDFC
gTDFC says  None
see ball at  None
failed to see ball
gTDFC
gTDFC says  None
see ball at  None
gTDFC
gTDFC says  None
gTDFC
gTDFC says  None
see wall at  None
keep turning
looping  TurnLeft
got to stop
Current state:  TurnAndLook
Stuckness:  (0, 0)
called see target
gTDFC
gTDFC says  None
see ball at  None
failed to see ball
gTDFC
walltimer: gTDFC says   10.7600002289None

see ball at  None
gTDFC
gTDFC says  None
gTDFC
gTDFC says  None
see wall at  None
target seen:  None
called see target
gTDFC
gTDFC says  None
see ball at  None
failed to see ball
gTDFC
gTDFC says  None
see ball at  None
gTDFC
gTDFC says  None
gTDFC
gTDFC says  None
see wall at  None
keep turning
looping  TurnLeft
got to stop
Current state:  TurnAndLook
Stuckness:  (0, 0)
called see target
gTDFC
walltimer:  11.7660000324
gTDFC says  None
see ball at  None
failed to see ball
gTDFC
gTDFC says  None
see ball at  None
gTDFC
gTDFC says  None
gTDFC
gTDFC says  None
see wall at  None
target seen:  None
called see target
gTDFC
gTDFC says  None
see ball at  None
failed to see ball
gTDFC
gTDFC says  None
see ball at  None
gTDFC
walltimer:  12.7740001678gTDFC says 
 None
gTDFC
gTDFC says  None
see wall at  None
keep turning
looping  TurnLeft
got to stop
Current state:  TurnAndLook
Stuckness:  (0, 0)
called see target
gTDFC
gTDFC says  None
see ball at  None
failed to see ball
gTDFC
gTDFC says  None
see ball at  None
gTDFC
gTDFC says  None
gTDFC
gTDFC says  None
see wall at  None
target seen:  None
called see target
gTDFC
gTDFC says  None
see ball at  None
failed to see ball
gTDFC
walltimer:  13.8140001297
gTDFC says  None
see ball at  None
gTDFC
gTDFC says  None
gTDFC
gTDFC says  None
see wall at  None
now go wander
SM next state
Running  Wander
Running  GoForward
Current state:  Wander
Stuckness:  (0, 0)
called see target
gTDFC
gTDFC says  None
see ball at  None
failed to see ball
gTDFC
gTDFC says  None
see ball at  None
gTDFC
walltimer: gTDFC says   14.8420000076None

gTDFC
gTDFC says  None
see wall at  None
looping  GoForward
Current state:  Wander
Stuckness:  (0, 0)
called see target
gTDFC
gTDFC says  None
see ball at  None
failed to see ball
gTDFC
gTDFC says  None
see ball at  None
gTDFC
gTDFC says  None
gTDFC
gTDFC says  None
see wall at  None
looping  GoForward
Current state:  Wander
Stuckness:  (0, 0)
called see target
gTDFC
gTDFC says  None
see ball at  None
failed to see ball
gTDFC
gTDFC says  None
see ball at  None
gTDFC
walltimer:  15.8710000515
gTDFC says  None
gTDFC
gTDFC says  None
see wall at  None
looping  GoForward
Current state:  Wander
Stuckness:  (0, 0)
called see target
gTDFC
gTDFC says  None
see ball at  None
failed to see ball
gTDFC
gTDFC says  None
see ball at  None
gTDFC
gTDFC says  None
gTDFC
gTDFC says walltimer:  None 
16.878000021see wall at 
 None
looping  GoForward
Current state:  Wander
Stuckness:  (0, 3)
SM next state
Running  Stuck
Running  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping   walltimer:  17.9460000992
GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
got here
got here 1234
0 None True all
finished superclass init
gTDFC
gTDFC says  None
dist  None
don't see target
started turn and look with target,  all
SM next state
Running  TurnAndLook
Running  TurnLeft
got to stop
Current state:  TurnAndLook
Stuckness:  (0, 3)
SM next state
Running  Stuck
Running  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  walltimer: Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck 
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack18.9660000801

Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
got here
got here 1234
0 None True all
finished superclass init
gTDFC
gTDFC says  (136.0, 36.0)
dist  (136.0, 36.0)
dist  (136.0, 36.0)
see target to right
started turn and look with target,  all
SM next state
Running  TurnAndLook
Running  TurnRight
got to stop
Current state:  TurnAndLook
Stuckness:  (0, 3)
SM next state
Running walltimer:   Stuck20.0410001278

Running  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
 Current state: walltimer:  Stuck
 looping  GoBack21.1150000095
Current state:  Stuck

looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
got here
got here 1234
0 None True all
finished superclass init
gTDFC
gTDFC says  (-45.0, 28.0)
dist  (-45.0, 28.0)
dist  (-45.0, 28.0)
see target to left
started turn and look with target,  all
SM next state
Running  TurnAndLook
Running  TurnLeft
got to stop
Current state:  TurnAndLook
Stuckness:  (0, 3)
SM next state
Running  Stuck
Running  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
 looping walltimer:  GoBack
Current state:   22.2000000477Stuck

looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
got here
got here 1234
0 None True all
finished superclass init
gTDFC
gTDFC says  (9.0, 30.0)
dist  (9.0, 30.0)
dist  (9.0, 30.0)
see target to right
started turn and look with target,  all
SM next state
Running  TurnAndLook
walltimer:  23.2520000935
Running  TurnRight
got to stop
Current state:  TurnAndLook
Stuckness:  (0, 3)
SM next state
Running  Stuck
Running  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  walltimer: GoBack 
Current state: 24.3170001507 
Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
got here
got here 1234
0 None True all
finished superclass init
gTDFC
gTDFC says  (-3.0, 27.0)
dist  (-3.0, 27.0)
dist  (-3.0, 27.0)
see target to left
started turn and look with target,  all
SM next state
Running  TurnAndLook
Running  TurnLeft
got to stop
Current state:  TurnAndLook
Stuckness:  (0, 3)
SM next state
Running  Stuck
Running  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping walltimer:   GoBack25.3630001545
Current state:  
Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
got here
got here 1234
0 None True all
finished superclass init
gTDFC
walltimer:  26.3850002289
gTDFC says  (11.0, 18.0)
dist  (11.0, 18.0)
dist  (11.0, 18.0)
see target to right
started turn and look with target,  all
SM next state
Running  TurnAndLook
Running  TurnRight
got to stop
Current state:  TurnAndLook
Stuckness:  (0, 3)
SM next state
Running  Stuck
Running  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping walltimer:   GoBack27.4040000439

Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
got here
got here 1234
0 None True all
finished superclass init
gTDFC
gTDFC says  (-5.0, 13.0)
dist  (-5.0, 13.0)
dist  (-5.0, 13.0)
see target to left
started turn and look with target,  all
SM next state
Running  TurnAndLook
walltimer: Running   TurnLeft
got to stop
Current state: 28.4380002022 
TurnAndLook
Stuckness:  (0, 3)
SM next state
Running  Stuck
Running  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping walltimer:   GoBack29.4880001545

Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
got here
got here 1234
0 None True all
finished superclass init
gTDFC
gTDFC says  (0.0, 14.0)
dist  (0.0, 14.0)
dist  (0.0, 14.0)
see target to right
started turn and look with target,  all
SM next state
Running  TurnAndLook
Running  TurnRight
got to stop
Current state:  TurnAndLook
Stuckness:  (0, 3)
SM next state
Running  Stuck
Running  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck 
walltimer: looping   GoBack30.5750000477

Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
got here
got here 1234
0 None True all
finished superclass init
gTDFC
gTDFC says  (-31.0, 42.0)
dist  (-31.0, 42.0)
dist  (-31.0, 42.0)
see target to left
 started turn and look with target, walltimer:   all31.6360001564

SM next state
Running  TurnAndLook
Running  TurnLeft
got to stop
Current state:  TurnAndLook
Stuckness:  (0, 3)
SM next state
Running  Stuck
Running  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
 looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuckwalltimer: 
 looping 32.7150001526 
GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
got here
got here 1234
0 None True all
finished superclass init
gTDFC
gTDFC says  (55.0, 26.0)
dist  (55.0, 26.0)
dist  (55.0, 26.0)
see target to right
started turn and look with target,  all
SM next state
Running  TurnAndLook
Running  TurnRight
got to stop
Current state:  TurnAndLook
Stuckness:  (0, 3)
SM next state
Running  Stuck
walltimer:  33.7820000648
Running  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state: walltimer:   Stuck34.8380000591

looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
got here
got here 1234
0 None True all
finished superclass init
gTDFC
gTDFC says  (121.0, 6.0)
dist  (121.0, 6.0)
dist  (121.0, 6.0)
see target to right
started turn and look with target,  all
SM next state
Running  TurnAndLook
Running  TurnRight
got to stop
Current state:  TurnAndLook
Stuckness:  (0, 3)
SM next state
Running  Stuck
Running  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  walltimer:  35.8900001049Stuck

looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
got here
got here 1234
0 None True all
finished superclass init
 gTDFCwalltimer: 
 36.9110000134gTDFC says 
 None
dist  None
don't see target
started turn and look with target,  all
SM next state
Running  TurnAndLook
Running  TurnRight
got to stop
Current state:  TurnAndLook
Stuckness:  (0, 3)
SM next state
Running  Stuck
Running  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
walltimer: looping   37.9850001335GoBack

Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
looping  GoBack
Current state:  Stuck
got here
got here 1234
0 None True all
finished superclass init
gTDFC
gTDFC says  None
dist  None
don't see target
started turn and look with target,  all
SM next state
Running  TurnAndLook
walltimer:  39.0510001183
Running  TurnLeft
got to stop
Current state:  TurnAndLook
Stuckness:  (0, 0)
called see target
gTDFC
gTDFC says  None
see ball at  None
failed to see ball
gTDFC
gTDFC says  (199.0, 31.0)
see ball at  (199.0, 31.0)
target seen:  cyanButton
gTDFC
gTDFC says  (211.0, 18.0)
dist:  (211.0, 18.0)
dist[0]:  211.0
keep turning
looping  TurnLeft
got to stop
Current state:  TurnAndLook
Stuckness:  (0, 0)
called see target
gTDFC
gTDFC says  None
see ball at  None
failed to see ball
gTDFC
gTDFC says  (208.0, 18.0)
see ball at  (208.0, 18.0)
target seen:  cyanButton
gTDFC
gTDFC says  walltimer: (208.0, 16.0)
 dist: 40.106000185 
(208.0, 16.0)
dist[0]:  208.0
keep turning
looping  TurnLeft
got to stop
Current state:  TurnAndLook
Stuckness:  (0, 0)
called see target
gTDFC
gTDFC says  None
see ball at  None
failed to see ball
gTDFC
gTDFC says  (208.0, 18.0)
see ball at  (208.0, 18.0)
target seen:  cyanButton
gTDFC
gTDFC says  (208.0, 18.0)
dist:  (208.0, 18.0)
dist[0]:  208.0
keep turning
looping  TurnLeft
got to stop
Current state:  TurnAndLook
Stuckness:  (0, 0)
called see target
gTDFC
gTDFC says  None
see ball at  None
failed to see ball
gTDFC
gTDFC says  (208.0, 16.0)
see ball at  (208.0, 16.0)
target seen:  cyanButton
gTDFC
gTDFC says  (208.0, 15.0)
dist:  (208.0, 15.0)
dist[0]:  208.0
keep turning
looping  TurnLeft
got to stop
 Current state:  TurnAndLook
Stuckness:  (0, 0)
walltimer: called see target 
gTDFC41.1940000057

gTDFC says  None
see ball at  None
failed to see ball
gTDFC
gTDFC says  (216.0, 11.0)
see ball at  (216.0, 11.0)
target seen:  cyanButton
gTDFC
gTDFC says  (214.0, 12.0)
dist:  (214.0, 12.0)
dist[0]:  214.0
keep turning
looping  TurnLeft
got to stop
Current state:  TurnAndLook
Stuckness:  (0, 0)
called see target
gTDFC
gTDFC says  None
see ball at  None
failed to see ball
gTDFC
gTDFC says  (208.0, 15.0)
see ball at  (208.0, 15.0)
target seen:  cyanButton
gTDFC
gTDFC says  (222.0, 13.0)
dist:  (222.0, 13.0)
dist[0]:  222.0
keep turning
looping  TurnLeft
got to stop
Current state:  TurnAndLook
Stuckness:  (0, 0)
called see target
gTDFC
gTDFC says  None
see ball at  None
failed to see ball
gTDFC
gTDFC says  (218.0, 13.0)
see ball at  (218.0, 13.0)
target seen:  cyanButton
gTDFC
walltimer: gTDFC says   (219.0, 11.0)
dist:  (219.0, 11.0)
dist[0]:  219.0
keep turning
42.237000227looping 
 TurnLeft
got to stop
Current state:  TurnAndLook
Stuckness:  (0, 0)
called see target
gTDFC
gTDFC says  None
see ball at  None
failed to see ball
gTDFC
gTDFC says  (223.0, 10.0)
see ball at  (223.0, 10.0)
target seen:  cyanButton
gTDFC
gTDFC says  (216.0, 13.0)
dist:  (216.0, 13.0)
dist[0]:  216.0
keep turning
looping  TurnLeft
got to stop
Current state:  TurnAndLook
Stuckness:  (0, 0)
called see target
gTDFC
gTDFC says  None
see ball at  None
failed to see ball
gTDFC
gTDFC says  (224.0, 12.0)
see ball at  (224.0, 12.0)
target seen:  cyanButton
gTDFC
gTDFC says  (225.0, 9.0)
dist:  (225.0, 9.0)
dist[0]:  225.0
keep turning
looping  TurnLeft
got to stop
Current state:  TurnAndLook
Stuckness:  (0, 0)
called see target
gTDFC
walltimer:  gTDFC says 43.3430001736
 None
see ball at  None
failed to see ball
gTDFC
gTDFC says  (222.0, 13.0)
see ball at  (222.0, 13.0)
target seen:  cyanButton
gTDFC
gTDFC says  (222.0, 14.0)
dist:  (222.0, 14.0)
dist[0]:  222.0
keep turning
looping  TurnLeft
got to stop
Current state:  TurnAndLook
Stuckness:  (0, 0)
called see target
gTDFC
gTDFC says  None
see ball at  None
failed to see ball
gTDFC
gTDFC says  (223.0, 13.0)
see ball at  (223.0, 13.0)
target seen:  cyanButton
gTDFC
gTDFC says  (223.0, 12.0)
dist:  (223.0, 12.0)
dist[0]:  223.0
keep turning
looping  TurnLeft
got to stop
Current state:  TurnAndLook
Stuckness:  (0, 0)
called see target
gTDFC
gTDFC says  None
see ball at  None
failed to see ball
gTDFC
gTDFC says  (223.0, 14.0)
see ball at  (223.0, 14.0)
target seen:  cyanButton
gTDFC
gTDFC says  (223.0, 14.0)
dist:  (223.0, 14.0)
dist[0]:  223.0
keep turning
looping  TurnLeft
walltimer: got to stop 
44.3990001678Current state: 
 TurnAndLook
Stuckness:  (0, 0)
called see target
gTDFC
gTDFC says  None
see ball at  None
failed to see ball
gTDFC
gTDFC says  (222.0, 14.0)
see ball at  (222.0, 14.0)
target seen:  cyanButton
gTDFC
gTDFC says  (223.0, 13.0)
dist:  (223.0, 13.0)
dist[0]:  223.0
keep turning
looping  TurnLeft
got to stop
Current state:  TurnAndLook
Stuckness:  (0, 0)
called see target
gTDFC
gTDFC says  None
see ball at  None
failed to see ball
gTDFC
gTDFC says  (223.0, 14.0)
see ball at  (223.0, 14.0)
target seen:  cyanButton
gTDFC
gTDFC says  (223.0, 14.0)
dist:  (223.0, 14.0)
dist[0]:  223.0
keep turning
looping  TurnLeft
got to stop
Current state:  TurnAndLook
Stuckness:  (0, 0)
called see target
gTDFC
walltimer:  45.4560000896
gTDFC says  None
see ball at  None
failed to see ball
gTDFC
gTDFC says  (223.0, 13.0)
see ball at  (223.0, 13.0)
target seen:  cyanButton
gTDFC
gTDFC says  (223.0, 13.0)
dist:  (223.0, 13.0)
dist[0]:  223.0
keep turning
looping  TurnLeft
got to stop
Current state:  TurnAndLook
Stuckness:  (0, 0)
called see target
gTDFC
gTDFC says  None
see ball at  None
failed to see ball
gTDFC
gTDFC says  (223.0, 13.0)
see ball at  (223.0, 13.0)
target seen:  cyanButton
gTDFC
gTDFC says  (223.0, 13.0)
dist: walltimer:   (223.0, 13.0)46.498000145
dist[0]:  223.0
now go wander
SM next state

Running  Wander
Running  GoForward
Current state:  Wander
Stuckness:  (0, 0)
called see target
gTDFC
gTDFC says  None
see ball at  None
failed to see ball
gTDFC
gTDFC says  (223.0, 13.0)
see ball at  (223.0, 13.0)
saw  cyanButton
got here 1234
0 None True cyanButton
finished superclass init
gTDFC
gTDFC says  (222.0, 13.0)
dist  (222.0, 13.0)
dist  (222.0, 13.0)
see target to right
started turn and look with target,  cyanButton
SM next state
Running  TurnAndLook
walltimer:  47.5650000572
Running  TurnRight
got to stop
Current state:  TurnAndLook
Stuckness:  (0, 0)
called see target
gTDFC
gTDFC says  None
see ball at  None
failed to see ball
gTDFC
gTDFC says  (223.0, 13.0)
see ball at  (223.0, 13.0)
target seen:  cyanButton
gTDFC
gTDFC says  (223.0, 13.0)
dist:  (223.0, 13.0)
dist[0]:  223.0
keep turning
looping  TurnRight
got to stop
Current state:  TurnAndLook
Stuckness:  (0, 0)
called see target
gTDFC
gTDFC says  None
see ball at  None
failed to see ball
gTDFC
gTDFC says  (223.0, 13.0)
see ball at  (223.0, 13.0)
target seen:  cyanButton
gTDFC
walltimer: gTDFC says   48.6010000706(223.0, 13.0)

dist:  (223.0, 13.0)
dist[0]:  223.0
keep turning
looping  TurnRight
got to stop
Current state:  TurnAndLook
Stuckness:  (0, 0)
called see target
gTDFC
gTDFC says  None
see ball at  None
failed to see ball
gTDFC
gTDFC says  (223.0, 13.0)
see ball at  (223.0, 13.0)
target seen:  cyanButton
gTDFC
gTDFC says  (223.0, 13.0)
dist:  (223.0, 13.0)
dist[0]:  223.0
keep turning
looping  TurnRight
got to stop
Current state:  TurnAndLook
Stuckness:  (0, 0)
called see target
gTDFC
gTDFC says  None
see ball at  None
failed to see ball
gTDFC
gTDFC says  (223.0, 13.0)
see ball at  (223.0, 13.0)
target seen:  cyanButton
gTDFC
gTDFC says  (223.0, 13.0)
dist:  (223.0, 13.0)
dist[0]:  223.0
keep turning
looping  TurnRight
got to stop
Current state:  TurnAndLook
Stuckness:  (0, 0)
called see target
gTDFC
gTDFC says  walltimer: None
see ball at  None
failed to see ball
gTDFC
 49.6590001583
gTDFC says  (223.0, 13.0)
see ball at  (223.0, 13.0)
target seen:  cyanButton
gTDFC
gTDFC says  (223.0, 13.0)
dist:  (223.0, 13.0)
dist[0]:  223.0
keep turning
looping  TurnRight
got to stop
Current state:  TurnAndLook
Stuckness:  (0, 0)
called see target
gTDFC
gTDFC says  None
see ball at  None
failed to see ball
gTDFC
gTDFC says  (223.0, 13.0)
see ball at  (223.0, 13.0)
target seen:  cyanButton
gTDFC
gTDFC says  (223.0, 13.0)
dist:  (223.0, 13.0)
dist[0]:  223.0
keep turning
looping  TurnRight
got to stop
Current state:  TurnAndLook
Stuckness:  (0, 0)
called see target
gTDFC
gTDFC says  None
see ball at  None
failed to see ball
gTDFC
gTDFC says  (223.0, 13.0)
see ball at  (223.0, 13.0)
target seen:  cyanButton
gTDFC
walltimer:  50.7330000401
gTDFC says  (223.0, 13.0)
dist:  (223.0, 13.0)
dist[0]:  223.0
keep turning
looping  TurnRight
got to stop
Current state:  TurnAndLook
Stuckness:  (0, 0)
called see target
gTDFC
gTDFC says  None
see ball at  None
failed to see ball
gTDFC
gTDFC says  (223.0, 13.0)
see ball at  (223.0, 13.0)
target seen:  cyanButton
gTDFC
gTDFC says  (223.0, 13.0)
dist:  (223.0, 13.0)
dist[0]:  223.0
keep turning
looping  TurnRight
got to stop
Current state:  TurnAndLook
Stuckness:  (0, 0)
called see target
gTDFC
gTDFC says  None
see ball at  None
failed to see ball
gTDFC
gTDFC says  (223.0, 13.0)
see ball at  (223.0, 13.0)
target seen:  cyanButton
gTDFC
 walltimer:  51.7520000935
gTDFC says  (223.0, 13.0)
dist:  (223.0, 13.0)
dist[0]:  223.0